hasta FA Jolie is a rustic and hearty
Italian dish the translates simply as
pasta and beans this recipe was
submitted by Allrecipes member Corwin
dark home who describes it as rich and
savory a wonderful soup that can be a
meal in itself let's begin by peeling a
large onion and chopping enough to yield
one cup next peel and mince three cloves
of garlic
chop a handful of fresh parsley to yield
a quarter cup and now you have
everything you need to start cooking
pour two tablespoons of olive oil into a
medium Dutch oven over medium heat when
the oil is hot add the onion and the
garlic
and cook them stirring often until the
onion is tender about five minutes
then add two fourteen and a half ounce
cans of stewed tomatoes juice at all and
one 15-ounce can of undrained cannellini
beans the starch from the liquid will
help thicken the soup stir this together
next add three cups of low-sodium
chicken broth or substitute vegetable
broth to make this dish vegetarian add
the chopped parsley
one teaspoon of dried basil leaves and a
quarter teaspoon of ground black pepper
stir everything together and bring the
soup to a boil over high heat stirring
occasionally let the soup boil for a
minute and then lower the heat to medium
cover the pot and let the soup simmer
for 10 minutes add a quarter pound of
seashell pasta to the soup stir it in
and let it simmer for another ten to 12
minutes or until the pasta is tender
serve the pasta e fagioli topped with
plenty of freshly grated Parmesan for a
bowl full of Italian comfort food as one
Allrecipes member says this was
wonderful it reminded me of the soup by
mom used to make when I was a kid